# CSC115-Assignment-2-solved

Download Here: [CSC115 Assignment  2  solved](https://jarviscodinghub.com/assignment/assignment-2-solution/)

For Custom/Original Work email jarviscodinghub@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Objectives     • Practice implementing an interface in Java • Practice with a Node class and references • Practice reading and understanding specification • Exposure to more complete testing Introduction   This assignment introduces the idea of programming to an interface and an alternative implementation of the List abstract data type. Your list will build on your knowledge of the Player class and allow you to store player objects in your linked list. Your assignment is to implement the interface defined in PlayerList.java as a doublylinked list in the class PlayerLinkedList.java. Quick  Start:   1) Download a2tester.java, PlayerLinkedList.java, PlayerList.java, PlayerNode.java and PlayerArrayList.java 2) Read PlayerList.java carefully – this is where the documentation including preconditions and return values for each method are described. 3) PlayerArrayList.java is the array implementation of the interface and is provided for your reference. You can compile and run the tester to see how it works. a) Make sure testArraySolution is set to true on line 20 of a2tester.java: public static Boolean testArraySolution = true; a) Compile: javac a2tester.java java a2tester 4) Start implementing each function in PlayerArrayList.java. Repeat the following until no errors are reported… a) Make sure testArraySolution is set to false on line 20 of a2tester.java: public static Boolean testArraySolution = false; b) Compile: javac a2tester.java java a2tester 5) If no errors reported by test program, see the Grading section of this document
Understanding  the  test  program:  a2tester.java   You’ve been given a program that will test your linked-list implementation of the PlayerList interface. One of the first things you should do after downloading the source code files is to run the test program. When you compile the test program you should see the following output: Basic testing of toString, size, addAt Failed test: 0 at line 51 The tester is reporting that your implementation is failing the very first test, since you haven’t written any code yet! The tester is written to be able to test both an array implementation (provided to you in the file IntegerArrayList.java) and the linked list implementation that you are required to implement in IntegerLinkedList.java . This is the benefit of programming to an interface – a clear separation of what is being done from how it is being done. Linked  Lists   Your implementation must be a doubly-linked list that maintains both a head and a tail reference. The stub code you’ve been provided in PlayerLinkedList.java already includes the appropriate instance variables. You’ve also been provided with a node class (PlayerNode.java) that includes prev and next references. Tips   Start EARLY!!! You should be sure that you understand the idea of a linked list and the purpose of the node class before you start writing code. There will be examples and code regarding linked lists in the labs and lectures this week to help your understanding. Start EARLY!!! It is very helpful to draw pictures of what a list looks like before, during after an operation to help you understand what the code you are writing is trying to accomplish. Start EARLY!!! Develop incrementally. Implement one method and then re-run the test program. Submission   Submit only your PlayerLinkedList.java using conneX. Please be sure you submit your assignment, not just save a draft. Submit as many times as you want, your last submission will be the one graded. A reminder that it is OK to talk about your assignment with your classmates, and you are encouraged to design solutions together, but each student must implement their own solution. We will be using plagiarism detection software on your assignment submissions.
Grading   If you submit something that does not compile, you will receive a grade of 0 for the assignment. It is your responsibility to make sure you submit the correct files.
Requirement Marks You submit something that compiles 10 1 mark for each test case you pass 70 Style 20 Total 100
